[chore] [OTEL-2623] Automate Release Step 4 - push branch (#13040)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector: docs/release.md

   - If the PR needs updated in any way you can make the changes in a fork and PR those changes into the `prepare-release-prs/x` branch. You do not need to wait for the CI to pass in this prep-to-prep PR.
   -  🛑 **Do not move forward until this PR is merged.** 🛑

4. Manually run the action [Automation - Release Branch](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/actions/workflows/release-branch.yml). This action will either use the existing release branch (for a bugfix, e.g. `v0.126.1`), or create a new branch (for a new release, e.g. `v0.127.0`).
   - If you are doing a new release, make sure to specify `v0.BETA.x` release-series argument (e.g. `v0.127.x`).
   - If you are doing a bugfix release, you may leave it blank or specify the existing release series (e.g. `v0.126.x`).

>    - If preferred, the underlying script (./.github/workflows/scripts/release-branch.sh) can be ran locally passing appropriate variables for upstream name, release series, etc.

Reviewer: I would leave this as a backup option
```suggestion
   - If the above does not work, the underlying script (./.github/workflows/scripts/release-branch.sh) can be ran locally passing appropriate variables for upstream name, release series, etc.
```
